Warehousing is the physical management of items
within an organization.
It includes the physical receipt of incoming items,
the physical storage and control of items.
Picking, packing, and staging against orders and shipping.
Physical receipt involves accepting items
into the organization, unloading them from inbound carriers,
and verifying correct quantities,
qualities, and documentation.
Storage and control of items involves
moving accepted items into the warehouse,
putting them away into correct locations,
recording locations and amounts into an inventory system,
verifying locations and amounts
against inventory system records,
and controlling physical access to the items.
Picking, packing and staging involves physically
selecting the correct items and amounts
ordered from the warehouse.
Decrementing the inventory records,
placing the items into appropriate containers,
labeling the containers as required,
and moving the containers to an area
to building shipping loads.
Shipping involves loading outbound carriers
with packed orders and completing and providing
associated documentation, such as bills of lading.
An example of warehousing an industry would include
storing items for Walmart.
For instance, Walmart has distribution centers that
will store items until requested by the stores to stock.